- This code must be event driven, and the events that drive this must be the simplest of events. There will be, under absolutely no circumstances, where the code uses polling.
- This code exists to read all of the links and downloads and files inside a web page, whatever webpage, whether it's a website, a document, anything, then it will read all of the links, downloads, and files, pass it into online websites (using API keys of those websites) to detect whether any of those might be scam or malicious.
    + In order to achieve this, rather than reading over the HTTP page each time we scroll, the page will use event driven mechanisms to only react exactly when the webpage has more links / downloads / files / whatever the person may be able to click that could ruin their safety. This way, the code does not use many resources
    + Rather than sequentially requesting those links to scan those pages for safety, we will use concurrency, because if there is a case where the webpage has hundreds of links, downloads, etc etc, the user will likely click on those links quickly, they're not going to let the webpage wait for them, therefore the webpage has to be able to make hundreds of concurrent calls to those APIs and return all of the values neatly by storing all of the data inside a dictionary or database of sorts. How this works is that when the code reads each link, it gives the link its designated index value, and then when the data is done, it is transferred right to that specific index, which will avoid all race conditions and possible traffic. The data transferred to that index will be the status (safe / unsafe, no errors / error, etc, whatever the format is) along with the explanation as to why it is unsafe (if the API itself provides that, excellent, but if it doesn't, we will have an AI to generate that explanation using the analysis from the webpage, because the AI on its own cannot conclude why the page is unsafe).
    + Once that is done, if you were to try to click into any of the links, downloads, and files on there, the code will allow you to proceed if it does not detect any danger, but if there is any danger, the code must be able to edit the HTTP of the webpage right when the online APIs return an error status of sorts so that the hyperlink is removed immediately, which prevents the user from even clicking on it. And that hyperlink is replaced with a function that allows a chat bubble to pop up right next to the link (and if the person scrolls, the chat bubble is at the same location as the link, it doesn't follow you and annoy you, and you must be able to close the pop-up. And in that popup must also contain a hyperlink that leads to the link the person wanted to reach. This logic must also apply for downloads and file access and other methods that may lead to scam. This pop-up also utilizes the AI generated message, therefore it is very much recommended that the message given by the AI has two modes, short for lazy readers, and long for those who want understanding)
    + Notes: All of these processes must be optimized for user experience, therefore lag must be minimized by maximizing the optimization of the logic and rendering. Find extremely render efficient methods of rendering the pop-up, find ways to allow data to flow inside the database all while being nearly untied to the user's experience. And even if the AI has not finished its analysis yet, the popup must still appear, simply stating that it is dangerous, and if by that time the AI did finish the message, that message is then replaced by the simple sorry on the popup.
- This code must follow these core values, compromising none while operating.
    + Leanness: The more lines of code you delete and optimize, the better. Why need 15 lines of code when you can process it all in one single line that actually makes things run faster?
    + Modularity: Except if you really do need those 15 different functions, because those functions are repeatedly usedby multiple functions, the functions should be clear cut on what each function does.
    + Universality: This platform must be able to scan multiple types of data, from links to files to downloads to stuff like that, ensure that this system can check all, and furthermore, the complete check is also attributed with the detectors which are called via API (because if the Google safety thing cannot handle some things, we need other platforms).
    + Parallelism: The concurrent method of scanning the page for links, because if these are not concurrent, it will take forever for the user.
    + Event based: Under no circumstances will this be polling based, things only happen the moment things happen.